Barclays Online Banking
How to report a lost or stolen debit card
It's easy to report your card lost or
stolen with Barclays Online Banking.
Start by clicking 'Report damaged, lost or stolen card'
from the quick links section
or by going to the 'Manage accounts' tab.
Then select 'Report a damaged, lost or stolen card'
from the 'Card services' section.
Select the account your card is on
and if you have more than one card
on that account
choose the one that's
missing so we can block it.
Then tell us if the card was lost or stolen.
Now tell us the country where the card went missing.
The city or town
and an approximate location.
Select a date and time
and if your PIN is known by anyone other than yourself.
Check through the information you've entered
and if you're happy, click on 'Block card now'.
Now that your card has been
reported as lost or stolen
select if you'd like to order a replacement card.
Check your delivery address is correct.
Click 'Next'.
Check your details and click
on 'Confirm new card order'.
Your new card is on its way and will
be with you within five working days.